kotlin/custom-dictionary-style/README.md, before:

# Custom dictionary style

Use a custom dictionary style (.stylx) to symbolize features using a variety of attribute values.

![Custom dictionary style](custom-dictionary-style.png)

## Use case

When symbolizing geoelements in your map, you may need to convey several pieces of information with a single symbol. You could try to symbolize such data using a unique value renderer, but as the number of fields and values increases, that approach becomes impractical. With a dictionary renderer you can build each symbol on-the-fly, driven by one or more attribute values, and handle a nearly infinite number of unique combinations.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom the map to see the symbology from the custom dictionary style.

## How it works

1. Create a new `DictionarySymbolStyle` by passing in the path to the custom style file (.stylx).
2. Create a new `DictionaryRenderer`, providing the dictionary symbol style.
3. Apply the dictionary renderer to a feature layer.

## Relevant API

* DictionaryRenderer
* DictionarySymbolStyle

## About the data

The layer showing a subset of [restaurants in Redlands, CA](https://services2.arcgis.com/ZQgQTuoyBrtmoGdP/arcgis/rest/services/Redlands_Restaurants/FeatureServer)  with attributes for rating, style, health score, and open hours is symbolized using a dictionary renderer that displays a single symbol for all of these variables. The renderer uses symbols from a [custom dictionary style](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a) to show unique symbols based on several feature attributes. The symbols it contains were created using ArcGIS Pro. The logic used to apply the symbols comes from an Arcade script embedded in the stylx file (which is a SQLite database), along with a JSON string that defines expected attribute names and configuration properties.

## Additional information

For information about creating your own custom dictionary style, see the open source [dictionary renderer toolkit](https://esriurl.com/DictionaryToolkit) on *GitHub*.

## Offline data

1. Download the data from [ArcGIS Online](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a).
1. Extract the contents of the downloaded zip file to disk.
1. Open your command prompt and navigate to the folder where you extracted the contents of the data from step 1.
1. Execute the following command:

`adb push Restaurant.stylx /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.customdictionarystyle/files/Restaurant.stylx`

Link | Local Location
---------|-------|
|[Restaurant stylx](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a)| /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.customdictionarystyle/files/Restaurant.stylx |

## Tags
Visualization
dictionary
military
renderer
style
stylx
unique value

Commit message:

change custom dictionary style sample to create dictionary symbol styles from both a local stylx file and a portal item

kotlin/custom-dictionary-style/README.md, after:

# Custom dictionary style

Use a custom dictionary style created from a web style or local style file (.stylx) to symbolize features using a variety of attribute values.

![Image of custom dictionary style](CustomDictionaryStyle.png)

## Use case

When symbolizing geoelements in your map, you may need to convey several pieces of information with a single symbol. You could try to symbolize such data using a unique value renderer, but as the number of fields and values increases, that approach becomes impractical. With a dictionary renderer you can build each symbol on-the-fly, driven by one or more attribute values, and handle a nearly infinite number of unique combinations.

## How to use the sample

Use the radio buttons to toggle between the dictionary symbols from the web style and style file. Pan and zoom around the map to see the symbology from the chosen dictionary symbol style. The web style and style file are slightly different to each other to give a visual indication of the switch between the two.

## How it works

1. Create a `DictionarySymbolStyle` from a local .stylx file.
2. Create a `DictionaryRenderer` from this dictionary symbol style.
3. Create a `PortalItem`, referring to a `Portal` and the item ID of the web style.
4. Create a `DictionarySymbolStyle` from this portal item.
5. Create a `DictionaryRenderer` from this dictionary symbol style.
6. Based on the style selected, use `featureLayer.setRenderer(...)` to the correct dictionary symbol style.

## Relevant API

* DictionaryRenderer
* DictionarySymbolStyle
* Portal
* PortalItem

## About the data

The data used in this sample is from a feature layer showing a subset of [restaurants in Redlands, CA](https://services2.arcgis.com/ZQgQTuoyBrtmoGdP/arcgis/rest/services/Redlands_Restaurants/FeatureServer) hosted as a feature service with attributes for rating, style, health score, and open hours.

The feature layer is symbolized using a dictionary renderer that displays a single symbol for all of these variables. The renderer uses symbols from a custom restaurant dictionary style created from a [stylx file](https://arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a) and a [web style](https://arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=adee951477014ec68d7cf0ea0579c800), available as items from ArcGIS Online, to show unique symbols based on several feature attributes. The symbols it contains were created using ArcGIS Pro. The logic used to apply the symbols comes from an Arcade script embedded in the stylx file (which is a SQLite database), along with a JSON string that defines expected attribute names and configuration properties.

## Additional information

For information about creating your own custom dictionary style, see the open source [dictionary renderer toolkit](https://esriurl.com/DictionaryToolkit) on *GitHub*.

## Offline data

1. Download the data from [ArcGIS Online](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a).
1. Extract the contents of the downloaded zip file to disk.
1. Open your command prompt and navigate to the folder where you extracted the contents of the data from step 1.
1. Execute the following command:

`adb push Restaurant.stylx /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.customdictionarystyle/files/Restaurant.stylx`

Link | Local Location
---------|-------|
|[Restaurant stylx](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=751138a2e0844e06853522d54103222a)| /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.customdictionarystyle/files/Restaurant.stylx |

## Tags

dictionary, military, portal, portal item, renderer, style, stylx, unique value, visualization
