java/show-labels-on-layer/README.md, before:

# Show labels on layer

Display custom labels on a feature layer.

![Image of show labels on layer](show-labels-on-layer.png)

## Use case

Labeling features is useful to visually display a key piece of information or attribute of a feature on a map. For example, you may want to label rivers or streets with their names. 

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom around the United States. Labels for congressional districts will be shown in red for Republican districts and blue for Democrat districts. Notice how labels pop into view as you zoom in.

## How it works

1. Create a `ServiceFeatureTable` using a feature service URL.
2. Create a `FeatureLayer` from the service feature table.
3. Create a `TextSymbol` to use for displaying the label text.
4. Create a JSON string for the label definition.
    * Set the "LabelExpressionInfo.expression" key to express what the text the label should display. You can use fields of the feature by using `$feature.field_name` in the expression.
    * To use the text symbol, set the "symbol" key to the symbol's JSON representation using `textSymbol.toJson()`.
5. Create a label definition from the JSON using `LabelDefinition.fromJson(jsonString)`.
6. Add the definition to the feature layer with `featureLayer.getLabelDefinitions().add(labelDefinition)`.
7. Lastly, enable labels on the layer using `featureLayer.setLabelsEnabled()`.

## Relevant API

* FeatureLayer
* LabelDefinition
* TextSymbol

## About the data

This sample uses the [USA 116th Congressional Districts](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=cc6a869374434bee9fefad45e291b779) feature layer hosted on ArcGIS Online.

## Additional information

Help regarding the JSON syntax for defining the `LabelDefinition.FromJson` syntax can be found in [labeling info](https://developers.arcgis.com/web-map-specification/objects/labelingInfo/) in the *Web map specification*.

## Tags

attribute, deconfliction, label, labeling, string, symbol, text, visualization

Commit message:

Trev8939/use label definition (#885)
* show labels on layer

* display subtyle feature layer

* revert create and save map, shouldn't be part of this PR

* Update README.metadata.json

* Update README.metadata.json

java/show-labels-on-layer/README.md, after:

# Show labels on layer

Display custom labels on a feature layer.

![Image of show labels on layer](show-labels-on-layer.png)

## Use case

Labeling features is useful to visually display a key piece of information or attribute of a feature on a map. For example, you may want to label rivers or streets with their names.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom around the United States. Labels for congressional districts will be shown in red for Republican districts and blue for Democrat districts. Notice how labels pop into view as you zoom in.

## How it works

1. Create a `ServiceFeatureTable` using a feature service URL.
2. Create a `FeatureLayer` from the service feature table.
3. Create a `TextSymbol` to use for displaying the label text.
4. Create an `ArcadeLabelExpression` for the label definition.
    * You can use fields of the feature by using `$feature.field_name` in the expression.
5. Create a new `LabelDefinition` from the arcade label expression and text symbol.
6. Add the definition to the feature layer with `featureLayer.labelDefinitions.add(labelDefinition)` .
7. Lastly, enable labels on the layer using `featureLayer.setLabelsEnabled()`.

## Relevant API

* ArcadeLabelExpression
* FeatureLayer
* LabelDefinition
* TextSymbol

## About the data

This sample uses the [USA 116th Congressional Districts](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=cc6a869374434bee9fefad45e291b779) feature layer hosted on ArcGIS Online.

## Additional information

Help regarding the Arcade label expression script for defining a label definition can be found on the [ArcGIS Developers](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcade/) site.

## Tags

arcade, attribute, deconfliction, label, labeling, string, symbol, text, visualization
